Update Ingestion section (#14023)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.indexer.task.gracefulShutdownTimeout`|Wait this long on middleManager restart for restorable tasks to gracefully exit.|PT5M|
|`druid.indexer.task.hadoopWorkingPath`|Temporary working directory for Hadoop tasks.|`/tmp/druid-indexing`|
|`druid.indexer.task.restoreTasksOnRestart`|If true, MiddleManagers will attempt to stop tasks gracefully on shutdown and restore them on restart.|false|

> |`druid.indexer.task.ignoreTimestampSpecForDruidInputSource`|If true, tasks using the [Druid input source](../ingestion/native-batch-input-source.md) will ignore the provided timestampSpec, and will use the `__time` column of the input datasource. This option is provided for compatibility with ingestion specs written before Druid 0.22.0.|false|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.ignoreTimestampSpecForDruidInputSource`|If true, tasks using the [Druid input source](../ingestion/input-sources.md) will ignore the provided timestampSpec, and will use the `__time` column of the input datasource. This option is provided for compatibility with ingestion specs written before Druid 0.22.0.|false|
```
